
1. how to trigger the event:
    World Changing Event: left mouse click - spawn special (Powered up) explosive (animation) minion
    Other triggers:
    left/right arrow keys - move your character! (browser)
    "m" key - shoots regular minion (determined pathing) down from bowser
    space - to start game
    "q" key - quit game

2. what should happen when the event is triggered / what the affected entities should do:
   World Changing Event: Whichever enemy (Mario or Luigi) is closest to mouseclick, will freeze.
                        Special (powered up) minion that spawns with animated explosion
                         will find and kill frozen enemy using single step pathing.

      Other event:
                 regular minion spawn (kills mario and luigi if there is a collision with them)

3. what the new entity is and how it should behave:
    new entity: special minion - animates on spawn and seeks out mario and luigi to kill them using single step pathing
                you are only allowed to spwan 3 special minions per game , when they spawn they change 2 background
                squares to red.

    * Note:
    1. To make the game difficulty balanced, we made it so special minions (when spawned),
            destroy the obstacles they spawn which then allows the mario and luigi to path through these
            spaces. (Getting gradually more difficult to stop them)
    2. There is a limit on how many minions can be spawned on the screen at once! The limit is 7.


4. the names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for
    Nicholas - implemented A*/single step and collision logic , made entity movable w/ arrow keys , moving entities
                around the world, reorganized classes, flags for game ending condition
    Nicole - World changing event entity and animation , determined pathing strategy, start and end screen,
              changed world scene/background/viewport, created arrow key "m" minion shoot action



     Extra Credit : Yes!
     1. Movable entity w/ arrow keys (browser character)
     2. 3 different entitites:
            mario and luigi (enemies) - A* pathing
            Special minion - single step pathing
            Regular minion - determined pathing
            Browser main character - arrow keys control
     3. Video? Yes!





